We Tride Innovative Technologies Pvt Ltd, registered at5-70/3/F-102, Mani Homes, Buddha Nagar, Rd No3, GhatkesarPeerzadiguda, Boduppal, Rangareddi, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500092, herein referred to as TRiDE. This privacy policy provides you the details about our policy regarding the collection, usage and storage of your information by us. We at TRiDE respect your privacy and greatly value your trust. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. You are requested to read this policy carefully.After going through the below details, you expressly give us consent to use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

General
This mobile application is owned by TRiDE and aims to value your privacy and commits to protect the information disclosed by you to us by means of using the application. Please read the Policy to understand the practices of the Company, and specifically with regards, as to how Company treats the information disclosed by you. It is acknowledged by you that upon being redirected to another domain which is not owned or operated by TRiDE, you are bound by the privacy policy and terms of that third party domain. You expressly agree that you have accepted the terms of the present policy and in the event, you do not wish to be bound by these terms, you have a choice free from any form of coercion or undue influence, to not access the mobile application.
Your Consent
We request you to carefully read this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use under the different tabs before sharing your personal information with us. By using the application, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose to us. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and the features of our services, use practicesor advances in technology. Hence it is requested to check this page periodically for changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here. Please review the changes carefully. Your continued use of the application following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent and acceptance of those changes. You may also note that you may withdraw your consent to use your information at any time, in writing to us, in which case TRiDE will desist from using it anymore. However, you may please note that TRiDE reserves the right to discontinue all services in the event you withdraw your consent. You also agree that the information furnished by you is lawful, true and correct and does not violate or infringe any laws. No liability pertaining to the authenticity, genuineness, misrepresentation, fraud and/or negligence, etc. of the information disclosed shall lie on the Company nor will the Company in any way be responsible to verify any information obtained from you.
Information we collect
When you use our application, we collect and store the personal information provided by you and our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safer, efficient, smooth and customized user experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our application to make your experience safer and easier.Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. However, in general you can browse our application without revealing any personal information to us. To fully utilize our application, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your contact and identity information and other personal information as indicated on the forms. Wherever possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional, and you always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our application. We utilize this information to do our internal research on our users' interests, demographics, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information however is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. 
Non-Personal information, viz. type of internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the website from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the mobile application, pages viewed etc. may be picked up automatically and without explicitly being provided by you, but during your interaction with the application by use of certain technologies, such as Cookies and Web Beacons. Additionally, we collect your device's connection to the internet, including your IP address, when you visit our application. We automatically receive and log Information from the application and/or your browser including but not limited to IP address, your device name, and your operating system. We may also collect log Information from your device, including but not limited to your location, IP address, your device's name, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed etc.
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages to help analyse our page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available using a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the application and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
If you choose to buy products using the application, then we collect information about your buying and selling behaviour. If you choose to post messages on our forum or leave feedback, we will collect that information. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the application, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Any information provided by you will not be considered as a personal information if it is freely accessible and/or available in the public domain or is not deemed as a personal information under the applicable law. Further, any reviewsposted/uploaded/conveyed /communicated by users on the public sections of the app becomes published content and is not considered as personal information which is subject to this Policy.
In case you choose to decline to submit any information on the application, we may not be able to provide certain Services to you. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the appropriate time. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain Services to you for due to not receiving necessary information from you.
Types of information received by us
The following types of information about you may be collected and processed by the Company: (1) your current location, device location, device information, communication information to provide customized offerings; (2) preferences and settings such as time zone and language; (3) account / user Information – as mentioned in the personal information section of this this Policy, gender, and any other information sought at the time of your making an account with the Company, or obtaining a quote from us; (4) your searches, the results you selected from the search and other activities; (5) your browsing information (browsing length, details of online ads that you agreed on on); (6) your transactional information on the application; (7) information about your internet connection and mobile device; (8) your usage details in respect of the application; (9) Internet Protocol (IP) details/ address; Please note that the above-mentioned list is only illustrative, and is by no means, exhaustive. Further, any user-generated content such as reviews, testimonials etc. shall be treated by the Company as its own.
Disclosure to Third Parties
In order to facilitate the services on our behalf, TRiDE shall be at liberty to disclose your information or part thereof to third party service providers. These service providers have access to your data only to perform the tasks as stipulated by us and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. The Company may also share personal information with third party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who work for TRiDE and are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
In addition to the aforesaid, our partners may collect information with your consent from your mobile device like device location, device information (including storage, model, Wi-Fi, mobile network) transactional and promotional SMS, communication information to provide customized offerings.
Further, it is clarified that while your usage of the application, you might see the links to the third-party websites / advertisements / electronic communication service, which are provided by the third parties. As the operations of the third party is not under control of TRiDE, therefore we do not make any endorsement / guarantee of any service or product offered through such third-party websites nor make any representation related to the privacy policy or other policies of such third party. Hence, it is recommended that you should review the Policy of such third-party websites prior to using such websites.
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, User ID historywithout a subpoena or summon. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to intellectual property rights owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
How your information helps us in providing you with a more optimized interface and experience
The information provided by you is used by us to enhance the functionalities and improve the quality of your interactions with the application and to personalize your experience while using our services.
Public Posts
As part of our services, you may provide your feedback, reviews, ratings, photos, etc. on the public group in our application. The Company retains an unconditional right to remove and delete any Post or such part of the Post that, in the opinion of the Company, is false, malafide and misrepresenting. All Posts shall be publicly accessible and visible to all users and therefore, you should be careful about revealing any sensitive details about yourself in such Posts. The Company reserves the right to use and reproduce your Posts for lawful purposes. Further, the Company may share your Posts with the service providers, businesses or any other third party for any such lawful purposes. If you delete your Posts from any of the public groups, copies of such Posts may remain viewable in archived pages, or such Posts may have been copied or stored by any other user(s) of that public group.
Our use of your information collected
TRiDE utilizesyour personal information to facilitate the services you request. The personal information and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the applicationwill be used tomeasure consumer interests in the services provided by us, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; collect fees owed; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; Internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and research relating to Company’s services; Carry out our obligations and enforcing rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and the Company, including for billing and collection;enabling and filtering advertisements that are relevant to you; Generate and review reports and data about, and to conduct research on, Company user base and service usage patterns;share the information, which you have shared on our application, with our alliance partners / channel / business associates or affiliates and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy. If you choose to buy a product or service on the application, we use your address and billing information to bill you, to contact you, and to provide associated support.
You agree that your personal information might be used by us to improve our promotional and marketing efforts, to analyseapplication usage, improve the application’s content and product offerings, and customize the applicaton’s content, layout, and services. These uses improve the application and better tailor it to meet your needs, to provide you with an efficient, safe, smooth and customized experience while using the application. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the application. By accepting the Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile. You may make changes to your profile at any time.
By using our application and filling any form on our application, you authorize us & both our current and future associate partners to communicate with you via SMS, Email, Phone or any other means to offer you their and our services, imparting product knowledge, offering promotional offers listed & offers offered by the associated third parties, regardless of your and your phone number’s DNC or DND status.
Your Obligations
You agree, undertake and confirm that while providing your information on the application you will not display, upload, host, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that
(1) belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right to;
(2) violates any law for the time being in force;
(3) is grossly harmful, harassing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, libellous, invasive of another privacy hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;
(4) impersonates any other person;
(5) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
(6) deceives and or misleads existing and new users about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
(7) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or
(8) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.

Updates/Changes
We may alter our Policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in the applicable law, technology or any other variant. In any case, we reserve the right to change (at any point of time) the terms of this Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the application. Your use of the TRiDE App Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Policy periodically on the application to ensure that you are aware of the latest version.

Questions/Grievance Redressal
In the event you have any grievance relating to the processing of Information provided by you, you may contact our Grievance Redressal Officer (“GRO”) Madhav Reddy at privacy@tridemobility with the following subject line “Attention: Grievance Redressal Officer” or write to us at the following address:
Registered Office – 5-70/3/F-102, Mani Homes, Buddha Nagar, Rd No3, GhatkesarPeerzadiguda, Boduppal, Rangareddi, Hyderabad, Telangana – 500092
Disclaimer
In case any personal information is shared by you with us, which is not requested by us during registration, (whether mandatorily or optionally), we will not be liable for any information security breach or disclosure in relation to such information. If you have any questions regarding this Policy or the protection of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer/grievance officer.

